Add team and royalties guides (#223)
liteflow-labs/liteflow-js: docs/pages/guides/setting-royalties.mdx

---

> title: 'Setting Royalties'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
title: 'Setting up Royalties'
```

---

import { Steps, Callout } from 'nextra-theme-docs'

> # Setting Royalties for Collections

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# Setting up Royalties for Collections
```

> This guide provides instructions for platform owners and collection owners on how to set royalties for a collection using the Liteflow dashboard.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide provides instructions for platform and collection owners on how to set royalties for a collection using the Liteflow dashboard.
```

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Setting up Royalties
```

<Callout type="info">
  If you are a platform owner and do not own the collection for which you wish
  to set royalties, you will need to [invite the collection
  owner](/guides/inviting-member#inviting-a-team-member) with the role
  ["Collection Owner"](/guides/inviting-member#team-roles-and-permissions) to
  your platform.
</Callout>

> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To set royalties for a collection:
```

<Steps>

### Log In to the Platform

> Access the Liteflow dashboard and navigate to the ["Collections" section](https://dashboard.liteflow.com/collections) to view all collections you own.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Access the Liteflow dashboard and navigate to the ["Collections" section](https://dashboard.liteflow.com/collections) to view all collections available on your platform.
```
